- [Woman] The web application has been
deployed successfully after you make all the changes.
So now let's go to the Postman tool
and test out these methods.
We'll test out the get order method first.
So what we have to do is go to Postman.
And let's go back to that original view
so that we can see the URL, yes.
So that's the URL for the RESTful bin.
So after that we have defined another part
to access this method, to access the find order methods
and we will take that part, copy,
go right there, and paste it.
And of course there's a query param
that this method is expecting.
So we have to feed that parameter.
So let's click on the params button there.
And say the key is ID and the order, let's say, is 200.
So send, and there you go, you get the respective order now.
Let me change the view.
Right, so this terminal getting a collection of orders,
you're just getting a single order, which is order ID 200.
Okay, so you can retrieve an individual order
instead of trying to retrieve all orders.
That's also possible.
And then, let's copy this entire thing.
Let's copy this entire JSON.
And let's test out the next method.
What is that?
We are going to see whether we can
edit an order successfully.
Now, when you talk about editing an order,
you're going to access this part
and you're going to provide that entire JSON.
You're going to send the entire JSON,
which is the order data,
to the server site, to the RESTful bin.
And then the RESTful bin can manipulate it
or save it to the database or make few changes
and then come back to you with a message saying that
the order was edited successfully.
Okay, so let's access this service
and then we'll talk about the semantics
that go behind this entire run.
Okay, so let's go to Postman.
Let's go back to the original bin.
Let's make sure that we access the correct part.
That is edit, that's the part, edit.
Okay, and now this is a post request,
so I'm gonna change this to post.
And let's go to body and send that JSON.
So that will be in the dropdown
you can change it to application JSON,
and paste that order, alright?
This is the order object that I basically
want to go ahead and edit, okay?
That's the URL, we are parsing the data,
it is a post request, now let's hit send.
So what do we get?
Yeah, we get the message!
Order edited successfully, let's go back to the console.
Yay, we get the order to edit is 200.
So we are getting that JSON perfectly
inside our edit order method.
What happened is, the JSON was hit on the RESTful API.
Now, the Jack's hard at service,
with the help of JSON binding API running behind the scenes,
we can work that entire JSON representation of order
into an order object and you have
that entire object to yourself to go and make changes.
And then it was done, and hence it came back and told me
that the order was edited successfully.
So basically, the whole story of this RESTful application
is jack's orders is completely integrated
with the JSON binding API.
You just have to make sure that you start writing
all your RESTful APIs, your database interactions,
and plug them in together.
And rest of the entire job off converting
this Java object back to a JSON representation on the UI.
Or maybe, the JSON representation from the UI request
to the RESTful API, everything will be done by JAXRS's.
Okay, there's one last thing.
The kind of methods we wrote are very raw.
They are the basic forms of methods
that we could write in the RESTful bin.
Of course in your life project
the structure will exactly be the same
but the logic inside this will definitely be
palpable logic that you will have for your application.
This was just a demo.
So we have just kept it very minimal, very simple.
Just trying to get the data and just trying to tell you
that there is this serialization process from Java to JSON
and deserialization from JSON to Java,
which is made so simple with the help
of JAXRS integration with the JSON binding API.